Update MAGIC.md (#61082)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: doc/MAGIC.md

| `noise` | Causes damage() amount of noise at the target.  Note: the noise can be described further with `sound_type`, `sound_description`, `sound_ambient`, `sound_id` and `sound_variant`.
| `pain_split` | Evens out all of your limbs' damage.
| `pull_target` | Attempts to pull the target towards the caster in a straight line.  If the path is blocked by impassable furniture or terrain, the effect fails.
| `recover_energy` | Recovers an energy source equal to damage of the spell.  The energy source is defined in `effect_str` and may be one of `BIONIC`, `FATIGUE`, `PAIN`, `MANA` or `STAMINA`.
| `remove_effect` | Removes `effect_str` effects from all creatures in the aoe.
| `remove_field` | Removes a `effect_str` field in the aoe.  Causes teleglow of varying intensity and potentially teleportation depending on field density, if the field removed is `fd_fatigue`.
| `revive` | Revives a monster like a zombie necromancer.  The monster must have the `REVIVES` flag.
| `short_range_teleport` | Teleports the player randomly range spaces with aoe variation.  See also the `TARGET_TELEPORT` and `UNSAFE_TELEPORT` flags.

> | `slime_split` | The slime splits into two large or normal slimes, depending on mass.  Note: seems hardcoded for `mon_blob`-type enemies, check the monster `death_function` + spell `summon` combination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `slime_split` | The slime splits into two large or normal slimes, depending on mass.  Note: hardcoded for `mon_blob`-type enemies, check the monster `death_function` + spell `summon` combination.
```
This is supposed to be the technical documentation from people making the game, it's supposed to tell how things are actually implemented not make guesses at how it might be ^^"

Author: My bad, accepting the suggestion.

| `FRIENDLY_POLY` | The target of a `targeted_polymorph` spell will become friendly to the caster if the spell resolves successfully.
| `HOSTILE_SUMMON` | Summon spell always spawns a hostile monster.
| `HOSTILE_50` | Summoned monster spawns friendly 50% of the time.
| `IGNITE_FLAMMABLE` | If the spell area has anything flammable, a fire will be produced
| `IGNORE_WALLS` | Spell's aoe goes through walls.
| `LOUD` | Spell makes extra noise at target.

> | `MUST_HAVE_CLASS_TO_LEARN` | The spell can't be learned unless you are/have `spell_class`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `MUST_HAVE_CLASS_TO_LEARN` | The spell is autolearned when you have `spell_class`, and removed when you lost it.
```

| `STRENGTH` | 
| `SPEED` | 
| `EFFECTIVE_HEALTH_MOD` | If this is anything other than zero (which it defaults to) you will use it instead of your actual health mod.
| `EXTRA_ACID` | 

> | `EXTRA_BASH` | Increases amount of pain when receiving bash damage.

Reviewer 2: Are you sure it increase the pain? Not damage?

Author: You're right, it's extra damage received, not pain.
Tested with a new character, naked and wielding an enchanted item, enchantment with `EXTRA_BASH` value `"add": 9` and casting a spell dealing 1 bash dmg =  total 10 bash dmg

![2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95231551/190919819-be1937c7-89f9-4008-93e5-f2c746a001b1.png)

![1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95231551/190919817-5d99784b-a4d2-4a24-9815-05b64681376e.png)

Then changed `EXTRA_BASH` to `"multiply": 3` and the spell damage to 4 bash dmg = 4 + 300% = 16 bash dmg

![4](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95231551/190920273-c9b895b3-8f29-4424-9427-614c6f1501a9.png)

![3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95231551/190920268-dc9c4351-3b1e-4b0b-af5e-45828c7ff7dd.png)
